shannon weber | a periodic table

SubscribeSign in

Back to school with Washington University's new campus restaurants Your guide to the local restaurants tucked away on campus.

shannon weber | aperiodictable Oct 01, 2025

Share

Coffeestamp in Hillman Hall, Washington University in St. Louis. | photo by shannon weber Editor’s note | This article originally appeared on Feast Magazine’s website in September 2023. It’s back to school for students of all ages, and in just a few short weeks, the mood has shifted from summer fun to the anticipation of cooler weather and autumn happenings all over St. Louis. Step onto the campus of Washington University in St. Louis this fall, and you’ll likely notice another shift – that is, if you’ve been on campus before. Although WashU is an alma mater to some and is situated in the heart of the central corridor, surrounded by notable St. Louis attractions, the university has always stood slightly apart from the surrounding community. However, the campus’ new dining program may finally serve as the most accessible path to connecting the hallowed university to St. Louis at large.

Subscribe

Washington University in St. Louis. | photo by shannon weber The first days of the 2023 fall semester saw the opening of five local restaurants that dot the landscape of the campus, spread out strategically so students have access to food no matter where their classes are concentrated. Prior to this year, these locations were populated by traditional food service options you’re likely to find on many university campuses throughout the United States. The departure of the food service company the campus had been utilizing gave WashU an opportunity to rethink the dining program at every level and transform it into something that was more than the sum of its parts.

The Fattened Caf in McKelvey Hall. | photo by shannon weber

The Restaurants

Just off Skinker Road near Forest Park Parkway is perhaps the most buzzy of the new additions: The Fattened Caf, tucked inside McKelvey Hall. A short walk from ample parking, the tiny but mighty café boasts a full menu of rice bowls like chicken tocino, pork belly sisig, and jackfruit adobo; desserts like pandesal and bibingka, and grab-and-go items like its signature longganisa, chicken salad, Pinoy mac salad and bottled sauces. Although it’s a small part of the building, the addictive aroma of Darren Young and Charlene Lopez-Young’s Filipino fare is unmistakable; follow your nose to a small space off to the right, outfitted with a long bar-height communal table and bar seating that lines the wall. If the immediate area is full, make your way to the tables and chairs clustered around the main area near the door, or take it to go as you walk around campus.

BEAST Craft BBQ and Lajoy’s Coffee Cafe in Schnuck Pavillion. | photo by shannon weber Head west from The Fattened Caf and you’ll soon find one of the most modern buildings on campus, Schnuck Pavilion, which is home to BEAST Craft BBQ and LaJoy Coffee Café. The restaurant duo is accessible from both the Skinker parking garage or the Forsyth garage, which often sees visitors thanks to its proximity to the Mildred Lane Kemper Art Museum. Inside, generous windows keep the space filled with light, and sleek white countertops and fixtures line the rectangular space. It’s a large operation here, and efficient: BEAST operates on one side with LaJoy on the other, and both utilize a numbered screen to push orders out in minutes. Upon entry, get your bearings and make your way to an ordering kiosk, which displays the menu for your restaurant of choice. Select your meal and pay, then join the crowd keeping their eyes on the screens central to each restaurant until your order is up. From BEAST, get barbecue meal plates, a la carte mains and sides, sandwiches and dessert; from LaJoy Coffee, expect a menu of breakfast sandwiches, wraps, salads, smoothies and coffee.

Subscribe

The fountain area outside Schnuck Pavillion. | photo by shannon weber If you travel the path that wraps around the left of Brookings Hall and make a left once at the top, you’ll find yourself at Hillman Hall, home to the Coffeestamp’s Grounds for Change location, and one of the pieces that set the larger dining plan in motion. Coffeestamp celebrated one year on campus this summer with a new paint job. If you’re staying to eat, you’ll have your pick of the empanadas everyone goes crazy for as well as hot sandwiches, burritos and quesadillas. Drinks abound, including hibiscus tea, horchata and dirty chai, and Coffeestamp’s signature Honduran coffee. There’s variety in the seating at Hillman, with a few tables spaced out around the immediate area near windows and some single multi-use single seats which can be used for eating or as a desk for studying. The hall opens up into a main area with a soaring ceiling and a multitude of tables to choose from, and a balcony area which overlooks the space.

Corner 17 at Olin Library. | photo by shannon weber From Coffeestamp, head toward the center of campus to find Olin Library. The streamlined building is home to another buzzy St. Louis favorite – Corner 17. Although the main location of the restaurant sits a few miles away from campus in University City, it hasn’t diluted the popularity of the Olin Library location, which bustles throughout the day. It’s easy to see why: Ordering is streamlined thanks to an abundance of pre-packaged hot items like General Tso chicken, beef and broccoli, fried rice, bao buns and dumplings. And of course, there’s Corner 17’s ever-popular boba tea, as evidenced by the endless lineup of colorful drinks waiting for pickup along the bar. Seating here is as efficient as the service, with booths and tables tucked all over the main area and seating outside on at tables and multiuse concrete fixtures.

Subscribe

Collins Farms in Anheuser Busch Hall. | photo by shannon weber Head northwest from Olin Library along the Forest Park Parkway side of campus; it’s an easy walk through one of the larger green spaces on campus, so you’ll another great view of the university as you make your way to the Anheuser-Busch Hall, home to WashU School of Law and Collins Farms. Walk down the short hallway and the space opens up to a soaring ceiling of windows that mark the dining area, filled with tables and chairs of varying sizes. Beyond that sits Collins Farm’s counter, where students can order from the restaurant’s lineup of healthy options like prepacked salads, wraps and smoothies, or indulge in a sweet treat like a unicorn cookie or cinnamon roll. The café also has a coffee menu for students in need of a little boost during the day.

Subscribe

The Philosophy

Is it the easiest way to execute high-volume food service? No, and it’s taken a considerable amount of work to get to this point. “We serve about 15,000 meals a day on campus, and it takes a lot to do that consistently,” director of dining services Andrew Watling says. “I think if you really challenge people to do things creatively and think about how to do it in the best way possible, it really shows through.” That strategic creativity is everywhere you look, from where restaurants are located to how each restaurant operates within its space. There is a fluidity to the constant motion of the lunch rush that’s hard to comprehend, even as you watch it unfold. To Watling, having an intentional dining program is key to students’ experience during their time at WashU. After just a few short weeks, this has proven true. At The Fattened Caf, co-owner Charlene Young is delighted at how well the restaurant has been received on campus. “We’ve had several students tell us our food reminds them of home or their grandma’s, mom’s or dad’s cooking, and they’ve even thanked us for being there,” she says. “The best thing has been interacting with the students. We absolutely love hearing about their passions and studies.”

Washington University in St. Louis. | photo by shannon weber The opening of familiar local restaurants on campus also sets a definitive “all are welcome” tone for the whole of St. Louis. Watling hopes that adding local favorites on campus gives students familiar destinations throughout the city. Beyond that, he hopes the St. Louis community can get to know WashU a little better by grabbing a meal among students and staff – an act which could propel the university’s diversity and inclusion initiatives far beyond its grounds. Washington University in St. Louis, 1 Brookings Drive, St. Louis, Missouri, wustl.edu

Thanks for reading shannon weber | a periodic table! Subscribe for free to receive new posts and support my work.