What's Open Now

Bear Bodega 
Bear's Den 
Village House 
Danforth University Center 
Retail Dining 
24/7 Vending

AboutToggle menu

Meet Our Team 
Mission
"To provide a diverse, high-quality dining experience at WashU that fosters community, supports nutrition-forward choices, and enhances the overall student, faculty, and staff experience. We are committed to offering fresh, sustainable meals that nourish both body and mind, while embracing the rich diversity of our campus."

Vision
"To be a leader in higher education dining by offering exceptional food and service, cultivating a vibrant and inclusive dining culture, and empowering the WashU community to make informed, health-conscious food choices. We aim to create a dining experience that reflects WashU’s values and enriches campus life."

Central Themes
Quality and Freshness: We prioritize fresh, locally sourced ingredients that reflect the diverse tastes and dietary needs of our campus community
Nutrition-Forward: Our menus are designed with health and wellness in mind, providing nutritious, balanced meals that cater to a variety of dietary preferences and requirements.
Sustainability: We are committed to sustainable practices, reducing food waste, and supporting environmentally conscious sourcing. Did you know all of Residential Dining is Green Dining Alliance (GDA) certified? Learn more.
Inclusive Dining: We celebrate and support the diverse backgrounds and cultures of the WashU community by offering a variety of dining options that are both inclusive and accessible
Student-Centered Experience: We strive to create an enjoyable, comfortable, and engaging dining environment that fosters connection, well-being, and campus community.

Explore coffee at the following locations:

The Fattened Caf unique Filipino inspired coffee
Coffeestamp Honduran coffee
Collins Farms serving Park Avenue coffee
Corner 17 serves coffee and BOBA TEA
LaJoy’s Coffee Café signature blend coffee
Cherry Tree Café serves Kaldi’s coffee
Café Bergson serves Kaldi’s coffee
Grab & Go with c-stores & 24/7 vending:

Etta’s Micro-Mart – home to a Costa Coffee, Farmer’s Fridge, and Food Spot machine
Costa Coffee, Farmer’s Fridge and Just Baked are in more than one location!

Meal Plans 
At WashU Dining Services, we’re committed to providing fresh, high-quality meals that support health, sustainability, and community. Our meal plans are designed to reflect the diverse tastes and dietary needs of our campus, with a focus on nutrition-forward choices, inclusive options, and a welcoming dining experience that enhances campus life for all students.

How WashU Dining Meal Plans Work
WashU Dining uses a meal points system that works like a declining balance. Points are loaded each semester and can be used at any Dining Services location on the Danforth Campus, including Paws & Go and Millbrook Market.

Unused fall points carry over to spring, but students must purchase a new plan each semester. Points expire at the end of the academic year—or earlier for December graduates or students studying abroad in the spring.

Platinum Plan
3,557 points ($30.14/day) | $4,561

Ideal for: Students living on campus who eat most meals in residential dining and want flexibility for retail options
Includes: Unlimited coffee card + free birthday cake.

Gold Plan
3,184 points ($26.98/day) | $4,188
Ideal for: Students who regularly dine in residential halls and want some flexibility, but at a lower cost than Platinum.

Silver Plan
2,604 points ($22.07/day) | $3,608
Ideal for: First-year or Upperclass students who plan to eat lunch and dinner on campus during the week. Minimum meal plan required for first-year students.

Bronze Plan
2,012 points ($17.05/day) | $3,016
Ideal for: Returning students living on campus who occasionally eat on campus or grab lunch with friends. Minimum meal plan required for upper-class students living on campus

Apartment Plan
922 points ($7.81/day) | $1,358
Ideal for: Students in Millbrook or Village East who primarily cook at home but want occasional meals or snacks on campus.

Off-Campus Plan
544 points ($4.61/day) | $844
Ideal for: Off-campus students who pack meals but may grab snacks, drinks, or the occasional bite on campus.

Meal Plan Dates:
Semester	Start Date	End Date
Fall 2026	August 14, 2026	December 17, 2026
Spring 2027	January 15, 2027	May 13, 2027

Coffee Club Membership
Platinum Meal Plan Holders:

Coffee Club cards are available for pick up for Platinum Meal Plan holders in the Dining Services Office in Eliot B, Monday – Friday, 8:30 am – 4:30 pm starting the Monday following the first two weeks of class.
Students with the Coffee Club Card receive complimentary hot drip coffee, iced drip coffee, iced tea, and hot tea at Cafe Bergson in the DUC, Cherry Tree in The Bear’s Den, and Coffee Connection in The Village. The Coffee Club Card excludes specialty coffees, lattes, espresso drinks, and cold brew.
All Meal Plan Holders:

If you do not have the Platinum Meal Plan, you can purchase a Coffee Club Card separately at Cafe Bergson, Cherry Tree, or Coffee Connection registers for $149.99 per semester
Changing your Meal Plan
Login to the WashU Housing Portal
In the top navigation, select Request Forms.
On the Form Select Page, use the dropdown to select Meal Plan Change Request, then Save & Continue.
On the Meal Plan home page, select Save & Continue.
On the Fall Meal Plan Change Form page, select your new desired meal plan and click submit request.

How do I access my meal plan?
Your meal plan is loaded onto your student ID. You only need to carry one card with you on campus. This card will give you access to buildings, your meal plan, as well as your Bear Bucks account!

Can I purchase items during non-service dates?
Students on campus during non-service dates may purchase food or beverages tax-exempt using their optional Bear Bucks account (https://card.wustl.edu/).
Non-service dates include Pre-Orientation, Winter Break, and Summer Break (https://registrar.wustl.edu/academic-calendars/).

How do I know how many meal points I should have left? 
Students can check their balance of meal points using Atrium or Grubhub. Additionally, gauge where you should be throughout the semester with our “Suggested Balance” (PDF) that outlines the suggested balance on a weekly basis.

What do I do if I run out of meal points?  

If a student depletes a meal plan, food and beverages may be purchased tax-exempt with the optional Bear Bucks Account. Students will automatically be rolled over to the Bear Bucks Account if a meal plan is depleted.

Do meal points roll-over?  
Unused meal points will roll over from fall semester to spring semester, however, students are still required to purchase a new meal plan for the spring. At the end of the spring semester, any unused meal points are forfeited.

Are there any meal plan restrictions on where I can eat?  
Meal plans are only valid at Dining Services campus locations (https://sites.wustl.edu/dine/where-to-eat/).

Can I use my meal points off-campus?  
No. Meal points are designed to be only used on campus in locations operated by WashU Dining Services. Students can use their optional Bear Bucks account to purchase food on Grubhub with participating restaurants.

Can I transfer meal points to another student?  
Yes, students can transfer meal points to another student with a meal plan only one time per academic semester during these periods: November 1 - December 19 and April 1 - May 8. To transfer points, both students must complete and sign the transfer form in-person at the Dining Services office next to Paws & Go in Zetcher House (Monday - Friday, 8:30 am - 4:30 pm). Students with an off-campus plan are not eligible for transfer. Students that transfer points to another student are ineligible to receive funds from the Food Security Fund for that semester. An administrative charge of 10 points PER PERSON is assessed for each transaction. These points will be deducted from your balance. The minimum amount that can be transferred is 100 points. The maximum amount that can be transferred is 500 points.

Nutrition Information
Our menus are designed with health and wellness in mind, providing nutritious, balanced meals that cater to a variety of dietary preferences and requirements. We celebrate and support the diverse backgrounds and cultures of the WashU community by offering a variety of dining options that are both inclusive and accessible.

Nutrition Consultations
Schedule a free consultation with one of our registered dietitians to discuss your individual dietary needs. Students that want access to Simple Servings Plus must meet with a dietitian first for approval. Contact the Nutrition Team

Identify Your Meals
Easily identify meals that meet your dietary needs with our allergen and lifestyle icons. These icons indicate allergens present in menu items and are available on digital screens, signage, and the Everyday App. When in doubt, ask to speak to a manager on duty!


Religious Dietary Options

Kosher Dining at WashU 
Products are labeled as Kosher if they are prepared in the on-site Kosher Kitchen or come from a certified Kosher vendor. Kosher items are produced in the Kosher Kitchen under Mashgiach supervision by a dedicated Kosher production team. We have a variety of Kosher menu options across our dining locations that include hot meals and pre-packaged vegetarian Kosher meals. For Kosher Catering, please contact our Sodexo Catering Director for full-service meal options including plated dinners, buffets, appetizers, and box lunches. 

Where you’ll find Kosher on campus:
Bear’s Den: L’Chaim station for lunch Monday-Friday 11 am to 2 pm and Sundays 11 am to 3 pm, and dinner Sunday through Thursday 5 pm to 9 pm.
DUC: Hot Kosher lunch Monday – Friday 11 am to 3 pm for pick up at the Simple Servings Station.
Village: Hot Kosher meals for lunch Monday-Friday 11 am to 2 pm and dinner Monday – Thursday 5 pm to 9 pm for pick up at the Spice Market station.
Grab & Go: Options in Paws and Go Monday-Sunday 8 am to 12 am, Café Bergson Monday-Friday 7:30 am to 5:30 pm and Saturday-Sunday 9 am to 3 pm, Millbrook Market Monday-Sunday 8 am to 11 pm, plus Corner 17, Coffeestamp, LaJoy’s Coffee Café, and The Fattened Caf. Breakfast options are available such as yogurt parfaits, overnight oats, and bagel & lox.
East End: Hot Kosher meals for lunch and & dinner at Beast Craft BBQ Monday-Thursday 11 am to 8 pm and Friday 11 am to 6 pm.
Shabbat: We will have increased grab & go options for purchase in Paws & Go, Millbrook Market and Café Bergson before the Sabbath begins each week. 
Dining Services collaborates with JSA to plan and prepare for Passover each year.

Halal Dining at WashU 
WashU Dining is committed to proper Halal preparation and preventing cross-contamination. Our new dining concepts, developed with Sodexo’s expertise, aim to improve the dining experience for everyone. Pork is neither used nor available in Village Kitchen throughout the school year. The Grill and Spice Market feature Halal menus and are open daily. Where you’ll find Halal on campus:
Bear’s Den: Spice Market/Mongolian is all Halal and available for lunch and dinner Monday-Friday 7 am to 12 am and Saturday-Sunday 10 am to 12 am every day.
DUC: Kalamata serves Halal chicken and Halal meatballs, and open Monday-Friday 11 am to 3 pm.
Village: No pork is used or offered within the Village kitchen during the school year. All stations are Halal and are open every day. Dining Services collaborates with MSA to plan and prepare for Ramadan each year.

Halal Frequently Asked Questions
Where can I find available menus to find the Halal offerings? 
Daily menus for halal stations (Village Grill, Spice Market, Kalamata) will be available on the Sodexo Everyday app.

Where can I find an ingredients list in advance of meals for specific dishes? 
Full ingredient lists can be viewed using the Everyday app. More information about the app and app store download links are available here: https://everyday.sodexo.com/

What is the dining process to actively monitor production and cross contact prevention? 
Products will be stored in a separate dedicated storage area and will be transferred to the station, avoiding cross-contact.

How can I provide feedback and address any concerns? 
Students can provide feedback through our dining survey [survey]. Additionally, students are welcome to ask for a manager at dining stations for further information or to share timely feedback.

How do I order Halal on the GrubHub application for where it is available? 
Halal options will be available in a separate category on the Grubhub app at all grill locations (BD/Village/DUC). The Village will have Halal grill options available for lunch daily. Plant-based grill options will be available at the DUC and Bear’s Den for lunch.

Are there any grab & go options Halal options across campus? 
Yes, grab and go Halal items will be available at Paws & Go at Bears Den, Millbrook Market at the Village, and George’s Express at the DUC.

Ramadan Dining 
Ramadan is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar, observed by Muslims worldwide as a month of fasting, prayer, reflection, and community. Ramadan is observed the evening of Tuesday, February 17, 2026, through Thursday, March 19, 2026. Click for Ramadan Details.


Allergen-Friendly Options
Read our standards for defining meals that fit specific lifestyles including vegetarian, vegan, kosher, halal, and allergen-friendly. Learn more about where to eat meals that fit your needs. 
On the Danforth Campus this summer and have a food allergy? Complete our Summer Food Allergy Form to let us know of a food allergy and/or food-based medical condition. 
Students with food allergies and other dietary needs are encouraged to schedule a one-on-one consultation with a member of the Dining Services Nutrition Team to receive individualized nutrition support. Email nutrition@wustl.edu to schedule a Nutrition Consultation. 

Identify Your Meals
Allergy Icons: Easily identify meals that meet your dietary needs with our allergen icons. These icons indicate allergens present in menu items and are available on digital screens, signage, our dining website, and the Everyday App. 
Lifestyle Icons: Find meals tailored to your lifestyle preferences using our lifestyle icons. These icons are also featured on digital screens, signage, our dining website, and the Everyday App.

WashU Dining Dietary Definitions

Vegetarian 
Vegetarian at WashU Dining Services means ovo-lacto vegetarian (includes eggs & dairy). Vegetarian items are prepared separately from non-vegetarian ones, using dedicated equipment cleaned after use with non-vegetarian items.

Vegan 
WashU Dining Services defines vegan items as those with no animal by-products. Vegan items are prepared separately from non-vegetarian products, and cooking equipment and utensils are cleaned and sanitized after use with non-vegetarian items.

Kosher 
Products are labeled as Kosher if they are prepared in the on-site Kosher Kitchen or come from a certified Kosher vendor. Kosher items are produced in the Kosher Kitchen under Mashgiach supervision by a dedicated Kosher production team.

Halal 
WashU Dining labels menu items containing meat as Halal if they are made with a certified Halal meat and have been produced with the appropriate cross contact measures to remain Halal. Menu items not contacting meat will be labeled as Halal only if there has been an intentional ingredient substitution for alcohol-derived ingredients within the recipe.

Nut Allergies 
We do not use peanuts and treenuts in the production of food in our dining facilities, with the exception of our bakeries and some cafes. Grab & go items containing nuts are individually packaged with a “contains nuts” icon. For more information about dining on campus with a nut allergy, please email nutrition@wustl.edu.

Celiac Disease 
Our Simple Servings concepts do not use ingredients or foods containing gluten, including wheat, barley and rye; yet, our dining locations and kitchens are not certified gluten-free facilities. For more information about dining on campus with Celiac Disease, please email nutrition@wustl.edu.

Food Security Fund
Originally created to assist students remaining on campus or in quarantine housing, the Food Security Fund has become a permanent fixture in our commitment to student welfare. In collaboration with the Office of Financial Well-Being, the Food Security Fund continues to be available to support WashU undergraduate students facing financial hardship, thanks to the commitment of Dining Services and the invaluable contributions of our students.

How to Access the Food Security Fund
Requests are evaluated by the Office of Financial Well-Being during business hours and on a rolling basis. If eligible, students will receive meal points for Dining Services locations on the Danforth Campus. Eligible students are allowed to reapply to the fund.
If you are a graduate student, please speak with your department financial aid representative.

Contribute to the Food Security Fund
At the end of the fall semester, any unused meal points are forfeited if you are a graduate or going abroad. All students forfeit any unused meal points at the end of the spring semester.
During the following periods, November 1 – December 19 and April 1 – May 8, students with excess meal points have the following options:
Transfer Meal Points to the Food Security Fund
Transfer Meal Points to another Student

Transferring Meal Points to the Food Security Fund
Students who are interested in transferring meal points to the Food Security Fund can do so November 1 – December 19 and April 1 – May 8. You can transfer 25 or 50 meal points. To transfer points please fill out the form here. If you would like to be considered to transfer a larger number of points please email diningservices@wustl.edu

How can I transfer meal points to another student?
Yes, students can transfer meal points to another student with a meal plan only one time per academic semester during these periods: November 1 – December 19 and April 1 – May 8. To transfer points, both students must complete and sign the transfer form in-person at the Dining Services office next to Paws & Go in Zetcher House (Monday – Friday, 8:30 am – 4:30 pm). Students with an off-campus plan are not eligible for transfer. Students that transfer points to another student are ineligible to receive funds from the Food Security Fund for that semester.
An administrative charge of 10 points PER PERSON is assessed for each transaction. These points will be deducted from your balance. The minimum amount that can be transferred is 100 points. The maximum amount that can be transferred is 500 points.


Apply to DSAT
The Dining Services Advisory Team (DSAT) is a student-led group that partners with Dining Services to enhance the on-campus dining experience. Members serve as ambassadors, provide real-time feedback, test new products, and support philanthropic and campus dining initiatives.

Membership Expectations

Attend at least 3 meetings per semester (monthly, at a consistent time and date).
Assist with select dining events throughout the year.
Participate in one philanthropic service initiative per semester that supports the local St. Louis community.
Be a dining ambassador—engaged, informed, and collaborative.
Who we’re looking for:

Seeking up to 5 student representatives per class year (First-Year through Senior).
Open to all undergraduate students through a short application process
Incentives for Participation

1-year commitment with the option to extend a second year based on active participation.
Exclusive opportunities to sample new dining offerings before public launch.
Earn volunteer hours.
Direct access to Dining leadership to share your voice and influence change.


Sustainability - Reuse Pass
WashU Dining Services is committed to sustainable practices that support both a healthy campus and a healthy environment. We reduce food waste and emphasize environmentally responsible sourcing while offering fresh fruits, vegetables, grains, and legumes, and students are encouraged to engage in campus-wide sustainability initiatives such as the Green Cup competition.

We prioritize local sourcing to reduce environmental impact and support nearby farmers and vendors, and our commitment to responsible sourcing includes ethically sourced ingredients such as cage-free eggs, certified seafood, and seasonal produce.

In alignment with WashU’s bottled water ban, dining locations do not sell or serve plastic bottled water. Reusable bottles and campus water-filling stations are encouraged throughout campus

WashU Is A ReusePass Campus!
ReusePass is an opt-in reusable container program that helps us reduce packaging waste with compostable to-go containers for students. A free ReusePass membership is required for All-You-Care-To-Eat To-Go Meals at Bear's Den, Monday through Friday at dinner.

How To Sign Up for ReusePass
Create your ReusePass account using this link
Or, on your Grubhub app, select “ReusePass Container” under the to-go options. During this first order, you’ll be redirected to the ReusePass website, where you will create an account using your phone number. Then, you’ll proceed with your order as usual.
Congrats! You’ve now created a ReusePass account with your own unique QR code! Keep track of your container status on the ReusePass dashboard
Requesting a reusable container
You can request a “ReusePass Container” in your Grubhub app when ordering food at participating locations.
Ask for a reusable container in-person at any residential dining location. Simply show the cashier your ReusePass QR code and the cashier will then link your ReusePass account to the to-go container. Think of it like checking out a book from the Olin Library!
Returning your reusable container
You have three days to return your empty container to a designated station in the DUC, Bears Den, or the Village. Keep track of your containers on your ReusePass dashboard. You’ll receive text message reminders to return your container.
Boxes should be returned in the dish return or marked receptacles. If your container isn’t scanned within three days, the status will change to late. Continuing to hold your container beyond three days will subject your account to a $5 replacement fee.

WashU Dining Is Green Dining Alliance Certified!
WashU Residential Dining has earned 5 Star Green Dining Alliance (GDA) certification at the Bear's Den, the Danforth University Center, and Village House. These locations join the Whittemore House and Ibby's Bistro - both 5 Star certified - as well as several WashU retail dining locations that are GDA certified, including Beast Craft BBQ, Coffeestamp, Collins Farms, Corner 17, The Fattened Caf, and LaJoy's Coffee Cafe.

The 5 Star Certification recognizes exemplary performance in sustainable dining practices. Restaurants undergo a comprehensive, third-party certification process and must demonstrate a consistent commitment to reducing their environmental impact through everyday actions, operational systems, and long-term practices. The Green Dining Alliance is a year-round program of earthday365, a 501 (c)(3) nonprofit organization focused on advancing sustainability in the foodservice industry.

ReusePass FAQs

What happens if I lose my box? 
Use your reminder text to alert the system that you are unable to return it. You will still be charged a $5 replacement fee.

Why is there a 3-day checkout window? 
The 3-day window exists to encourage participants to return their containers in a timely fashion, so they can get washed and reused. This means we can serve the same number of students with fewer containers, helping to reduce the amount of materials in use.

Can I return any box I have checked out to fulfill the return request? 
Yes, if you have multiple boxes checked out and one is due, any of the boxes will fulfill the request.

Who can use it? Can guests use it? Can I check someone else's box out? 
Anyone with a WashU ID can receive a reusable box. WashU ID holders with guests can check out their guest’s boxes on their account and will be responsible for all guest’s boxes. Guests dining without a WashU ID holder will need to be reminded to return the box, or ask for a compostable box.

Can I use ReusePass with Grubhub? 
Yes, students will receive a pop-up when they open the Grubhub app asking them if they want to use a reusable box. Cashiers will be ready to scan a QR on the box and Grubhub order, linking the student’s order to the box without the user present.

When will the charge for an overdue box be applied to the account? 
Two weeks after the box is borrowed, there will be a charge applied to the student’s account. After this time, no refund will be available.

Can my friend return my box for me? 
Yes. Once collected from return locations, your box will be checked in for you when it enters the dishwashers. It doesn’t matter who puts it in the return receptacle.

Is there a limit on how many boxes you can have checked out at once? 
There is no limit on the number of boxes you can have checked out.

What if the scanners make a mistake? 
If a box you returned doesn’t get checked in because of a mistake, there are multiple contingencies built into the system. If the box is checked out by another person (while it is still checked out under your name) it will automatically be checked back in. Also, the text alerts sent out are interactive, so students can respond if they have already returned it, alerting the system that there was a mistake.

Is there a way for Android users to download their Reusepass QR code? 
Android users will soon be able to add to Google Wallet just like iOS users can add to their Apple Wallet.


WashU Catering Services
Welcome to WashU Catering Services! Our team of catering and event planning professionals will work with you to deliver the highest level of food quality and service. Please note that catering orders need to be placed at least 10 business days prior to ensure the success of your event. We offer a wide variety of options for faculty, staff and students alike. Book your event today: Washington University Catering - St. Louis, MO

Flavours
Whether you're planning a morning breakfast buffet with freshly brewed coffee, a casual feast or elegant hors d’oeuvres, Flavours offers an array of fresh and contemporary catered menu options. Order from our classic menus or let these selections serve as a starting point for customization to suit your specific needs for any occasion. Be it a breakfast meeting, a faculty luncheon or a retirement party, you'll find our offerings include fresh ingredients, creative preparations, elegant presentations and thoughtful service. We look forward to helping you design the perfect menu for your next event.

Square Tomato
(Pick up Only)

Square Tomato is a value and convenience-focused option offering affordable and delicious catering solutions perfect for student organizations. With options like platters, desserts and meals by pan, it caters specifically to budget-conscious students seeking quality food for group gatherings.

Kosher Catering
Click for details. Questions or to place a Kosher Catering order, please contact Meredith Beck, Catering Director - meredith.beck@sodexo.com, 618.520.8823

Contact
Have questions or need assistance?
Meredith Beck, Catering Director – Large Campus Events, All Event Feedback – Meredith.beck@sodexo.com, 618-520-8823
Jenny Allen – Single Day Event Bookings – jenny.allen@sodexo.com
Andrea "Chandler" Franklin – Multi-Day Events/Conference Bookings – andrea.franklin@sodexo.com
Christian Savage – Day-Of Event Execution – Christian.savage@sodexo.com, 314-934-4059


Food Truck Catering on Campus
Food Truck Catering on Campus
Student groups and university departments may host events with food trucks on the Danforth Campus. To ensure health, safety, and compliance with university policy, all requests must follow the Food Truck Policy and be submitted at least 30 days in advance.

Key reminders:

Only catered (free-to-guest) food trucks are approved.
Locations must align with the approved list in Appendix A of the Food Truck Policy.
Space reservations go through Event Management or Parking & Transportation.
All food trucks must be escorted on and off campus by a WashU employee. Read the Danforth Campus Facilities Access Policy
Campus Life and Dining Services may limit food truck frequency and will not approve of events that conflict with other campus activities.


Retail Catering Menus
Thank you so much for supporting our local retail partners! As a small business, catering with our retail partners may look a bit different from what you experience with larger catering companies. Our retail locations only offer pickup style catering at their location on campus.

Our retail partners will prepare your order and have it ready for you prior to your event for pick up. Payment for catering with our retail partners is through a WashU ProCard.

Click to view each retail catering menu. When reaching out, please email the retail owner and include our Director of Dining Services, Tiffany De La Roche (dtiffany@wustl.edu)

For additional questions, please contact our Director of Dining Services (dtiffany@wustl.edu)

Click to view each retail location's catering menu (PDF).

Beast Craft BBQ Catering Menu
CoffeeStamp Catering Menu
Collins Farms Catering Menu
Corner 17 Catering Menu
The Fattened Caf Catering Menu
FujiSan Catering Menu
LaJoy's Catering Menu
Subway Catering Menu
West Campus Cafe Catering Menu


Allergen-Friendly Ordering
How to order on campus with a Food Allergy:
We offer Simple Servings and Simple Servings Plus as two different options for those ordering food on campus with a food allergy. Learn more about how to order through Simple Servings or Simple Servings Plus on campus.

Order Simple Servings through walk-up ordering

Students can walk up to Simple Servings stations at Bear’s Den, the DUC, and the Village. These meals are prepared without the top 9 food allergens and prevent cross-contact. All students can order from Simple Servings, which is also available on Grubhub!

Order Simple Servings Plus through Grubhub

Simple Servings Plus is reserved for students with food allergies or dietary restrictions. To ensure safety and quality of the program, it’s customizable and made-to-order for students on the allergen-friendly student list. The Simple Servings Plus menu can only be ordered through Grubhub and is also prepared without the top 9 food allergens and prevents cross-contact. Download Grubhub NOW!

How to join the allergen-friendly student list?

Before using Simple Servings Plus, students need approval from a registered dietitian, who will coordinate with the culinary team to meet their dietary needs. This includes a brief consultation about their dining history to create a personalized plan.

Students can place one order from Simple Servings Plus before meeting with a dietitian. After this, they must be added to the allergen-friendly list to continue using the service. If not, they’ll be instructed to schedule a meeting for future orders by the culinary team.

For more information about dining on campus with a food allergy, please email nutrition@wustl.edu


GrubHub Ordering
WashU Dining is partnered with Grubhub to offer pre-order pickup from dining locations on campus. Anyone can associate with the WashU campus while in the Grubhub app, including students and visitors! Some of the benefits of the Grubhub app are:

Custom make your order directly in the app and pick up when it's ready!
Submit your order and pickup when finished (set or pre-determined pickup times are not available).
Limit contact by not waiting in line!
There are no additional order fees when placing an order on campus.
Set or pre-determined pickup times are not available.
Note: Bauer Café and Bauer Brew, located in Bauer Hall, have switched from the Boost app to the Grubhub app! You can now use Bear Bucks or a credit card for payment through Grubhub. Please note that Meal Points are not accepted at these locations, either in-person or on the app.

Download the App & Set Up Your Account
We invite students to download the Grubhub app to place your on-campus food orders! Use the links below to download for your phone and set up an account.

Download the Grubhub App for mobile ordering:
Apple App Store
Google Play
From the account page, select the Settings icon (top right)
Click on Campus Dining and select Washington University in St. Louis
Choose your Affiliation
Add your campus card information and start your order!
Now you’re all set to use your Meal Points or Bear Bucks as a form of payment to buy your next meal! Credit and debit are accepted.

Visitor Download the App & Set Up Your Account
Visitor Download the App & Set Up Your Account
While visiting campus, we invite you to download the Grubhub app to place your orders! Don't have the app yet? Use the links below to download for your phone and set up an account.

Download the Grubhub App for mobile ordering:
Apple iTunes
Google Play
From the account page, select the Settings icon (top right)
Click on Campus Dining and select Washington University in St. Louis
Choose the affiliation "I am a Guest" (For our guest visiting campus and are not a WashU Faculty/Staff/Student.)
Add your preferred forms of payment to your account (credit or debit) and start your order!
Now you’re all set to buy your next meal! Though you are a visitor, there are no additional fees when placing an order on campus.
