WashU is committed to providing fresh, high-quality food that is produced in a sustainable manner. Our nationally-ranked dining program offers a variety cuisines from around the world.

We offer a wide range of options—everything from hot entrées to made-to-order sandwiches, salad bars, and hot soups. Our chefs and staff are accustomed to meeting the needs of vegetarians, those who require or desire kosher or halal options, and those with food allergies. 

Sustainable practices are a focus of our dining services. We work with partners to purchase food that is produced and distributed locally, humanely, fairly, and in an ecologically sound manner. Composting, recycling, and careful selection of the materials we use (plates, silverware, paper goods) are also part of our sustainability initiatives.

Learn more about dining on campus 

Eat local – while on campus.

As part of WashU’s efforts to partner with St. Louis businesses, Dining Services has invited local restaurants to open locations on campus.

Beast Craft BBQ

Coffeestamp

Collins Farms

Corner 17

LaJoy’s Coffee Café

The Fattened Caf

Dining Locations

The Danforth University Center (DUC)

The DUC offers a dining hall featuring build-your-own tacos and taco bowls, a salad bar, wood-fired pizzas, allergen-friendly bowls and entrées, burgers, chicken sandwiches, and hot breakfast. It also houses Café Bergson, which is a convenient stop for coffee, espresso, cappuccino, and cold drinks as well as pastries, salads, sandwiches, and smoothies. Another dining option is Ibby’s, a bistro offering fresh, creative cuisine inspired by local ingredients and the seasons.

Whispers Café

Whispers Café is located on the ground level of Olin Library. Corner 17 at Whispers serves a delicious Chinese- and Taiwanese-inspired menu along with a variety of boba tea and coffee options. There is also a Kaldi’s Coffee menu with pastries and grab & go items.

Parkside Café at Schnuck Pavilion

Parkside Café at Schnuck Pavilion features local favorites Beast Craft BBQ and LaJoy’s Coffee Café. Stop by Beast Craft BBQ for St. Louis style barbecue, sides, burgers, salads, and wings. LaJoy’s Coffee Café serves coffee, smoothies, pastries, bagels, donuts, salads, and sandwiches.

South 40

Abundant dining alternatives are available at the heart of the South 40, the on-campus residential area. Choices range from home-style comfort foods to international cuisines. 

Cherry Tree offers coffee, tea, and breakfast favorites from early morning to late at night.

Bear’s Den boasts the most diverse dining on campus. Stations include Grill, Sizzle & Stir, Pizza & Pasta, Kosher, Global, and Bear’s Top 8 Friendly serving top 8 allergen-friendly menu items for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!

Paws & Go, a convenience store, features grocery items, grab & go, and a wide variety of local items.
