Items

Bauer Brew at Bauer Hall
Located at Bauer Hall. More information coming soon. Accepts credit, debit, and bear bucks.

Beast Craft BBQ at Parkside Café
Located at Schnuck Pavillion, Beast Craft BBQ serves St. Louis style barbecue, sides, burgers, salads, and wings.  Order on Grubhub → 

Café Bergson
Danforth University Center
Offers coffee, pastries, a variety of grab & go items, allergen-friendly selections, and fresh smoothies. Home to Freshens Smoothies. Coffee Club membership accepted.

Cherry Tree
Zetcher House
Offers coffee, pastries, breakfast, lunch, and dinner options. Coffee Club membership accepted.

Coffeestamp at Grounds for Change
Located at Hillman Hall and offers empanadas, hot sandwiches, burritos, quesadillas, Honduran coffee, horchata, tea, and pastries. Order on Grubhub → 

Collins Farms at Law Café
Located within Anheuser Busch Hall, Collins Farms offers serves salads, paninis, Park Avenue coffee, smoothies, and desserts! Order on Grubhub → 

Corner 17 at Whispers Café
Located at the Olin Library and serves coffee, a variety of Boba Tea, pastries, desserts, breakfast items, and hot and cold grab & go items. Order Boba Tea on Grubhub → 

Costa Coffee
The Bear's Den, Steinberg Hall, Olin Library
Open 24/7 and offers a range of customizable coffee options and hot chocolate to go.

DUC Dining Hall
Danforth University Center
Offers grill, pizza, and Mediterranean stations along with allergen-friendly options. Home to the Qdoba station on campus.

Etta’s Micro-Mart
Steinberg Hall
Open 24/7 self-service micro-mart featuring a Costa Coffee machine, a Farmer’s Fridge machine, and a Food Spot refrigerator stocked with grab & go items.

Food Spot Vending Machine
Etta's Micro-Mart, Collins Farms at Law Café
Open 24/7 and offers a pre-made salads, wraps, bottled lemonade, and more.

Ibby’s Bistro
Danforth University Center
Offering creative cuisine inspired by local ingredients. Named in honor of Elizabeth "Ibby" Danforth. Make your reservation today!

Just Baked
Danforth University Center & Bear's Den
Open 24/7 and offers both hot and cold menu items.

LaJoy’s Coffee Café at Parkside Café
Located at Schnuck Pavillion, LaJoy's Coffee Cafe serves coffee, smoothies, pastries, bagels, donuts, salads, and sandwiches. Order on Grubhub → 

Millbrook Market
Village House
Village House convenience store offering grocery, fresh produce, grab & go and a wide variety of allergen-friendly, Kosher, Halal, and vegan food items.

Paws & Go
Zetcher House
Convenience store offering grocery, grab & go items, snacks, and a wide variety of allergen-friendly, Kosher, Halal, and vegan food items.

Stanley’s Sushi & Tea
Located within Lopata Hall, Stanley's Sushi & Tea features grab & go sushi rolls, as well as made to order rolls.

Subway
Located within the Mallinckrodt Center, Subway offers their famous footlongs, 6" sandwiches, wraps, and salads. Order on Grubhub → 

The Bear’s Den
Zetcher House
Offers a grill and pasta stations, a salad bar, and allergen-friendly options. Home to All You Care to Eat dinner, Monday - Friday. 

The Fattened Caf. at Bytes Café
Located within McKelvey Hall, The Fattened Caf offers smoked meats, rice bowls, bakery items, and a unique coffee and beverage menu. Order on Grubhub → 

Village Coffee Connection
Village House
Serves coffee, pastries, and bakery treats. Coffee Club membership accepted. 

Village House Dining
Village House
Offers a Halal grill, Bistro Grill, Halal comfort food at Spice Market, a deli, salad bar, and an Allergen-Friendly (Simple Servings) station.

West Campus Cafe
West Campus
Mon - Fri: 7:00 AM - 2:00 PM
Sat - Sun: Closed